# Pricing
Everything discussed so far comes with a cost. I've described what makes a certain part of a TV better and with that makes the TV more expensive. I've taught you the specifications of the TV so it's your turn to decide what you value most so you can sacrifice certain parts and save money.

### Personal Example
I have a gaming setup so I have a monitor. I only have one and I don't sit super close to it. I also don't need too much multitasking so I don't need multiple. With that being said I looked for something around 24-28''. Because I am a gamer, I need 144hz refresh rate. That is my non-negotiable in a monitor as well as a 1ms response time. For resolution I am not picky and 1080p should be just fine. From the distance I view I can't make out the pixels so 4k reoslution is not necessary. These are my requirements for looking for a monitor. My budget is tight so I need the cheapest option. I found a Sceptre monitor for $200 that met my requirements. It is a 25.5'' display, 165hz refresh rate, 1ms response time, and 1080p resolution. I compared this to more popular competitors like Dell for example. Dell charges more for a smaller display and worse refresh rate. Thanks to my knowledge on monitors, I stayed away from the big name company and got my money's worth.

I hope this example shows that you shouldn't go for what is marketed towards you. This big companies often times charge more for less because they're a big company. If you use the information I've given you, you can compare all the options and make the most educated decision and save money.
